hello this week I was thinking that
Say it will give it to you.
and it was this heat that inspired me to
tip of something cool until
because it gave me a will to take a
ice cream and everyone wants to
have an ice cream or popsicle in this
and it's normal but that 's where it happens and
will end up resorting to the ice cream that
is full of sugar filled milk
of fat and sometimes even fat sprout
hydrogenated, not
or so you go to what popsicles
wanting to stay light 100% more fruit
which is also full of sugar are there the
teaching this time now a popsicle 100%
fruit, I think it's very tasty, not
will leave is to wish on nothing in
The taste is always a banana
it's very easy not make it so easy easy
I wrote this recipe but it's always
Good to see and then I 'll give too
an increased make versions
different from the collin team for you to see
a banana i bought this banana
organic banana is not difficult
to find
You'll sing in the middle, there you go.
buy at party house
led party items and the Dalits of
Colé and you will respect that ready
to freeze
Finally, the banana has a property of
look super creamy when she's
frozen but it looks creamy even
it looks like the technician young lady's milk
ice cream equal ice cream
you can eat hurries if you want
you can make some mentions
interesting for example coconut oil
will put the coconut oil here to form
a crust around it because the oil
coconut in contact with something
cold and bad shape and hardens
so I'll have a hair and then
coconut time has a cool property
that is to improve the metabolism is done
in the generic term there do not do
killing the urge to eat
An ice cream like you will also be
giving a little help to give a
Digg this Post!
another option we have to make
Another version is that we have made and
I put it in the yogurt, can not we?
plunge it is that if you like
august looks delicious but a popsicle
another version that we have and with
several flavors, right?
We can use the chocolate then to
the chocólatras on duty and can be
the solution of their problems but the
chocolate has to be 70% chocolate
cocoa
when we have the chocolate to 80%
people have so much antioxidant here that
it can even help you lose weight
a little chocolate about 30
from 70% can help to deflate
and help your body look has
people who live in aia have a version well
cool, I love, I'm in love with the crowded
for those who do not know china is a
very powerful seed
little seed but she
means strength
china has the amount of protein
huge think of plant foods
I think that's what is perhaps that
have more protein than all have more
calcium, for example than milk has a
lots of other minerals and vitamins
China has finally so much fiber
fiber in two tablespoons you
can almost achieve recommendation
daily of a fiber and then your gut
works best if you can then stay
It's better that it takes all of those
toxins while cleaning the
body
the most interesting is the following to chia
She is much better than she looks in
contact with water it grows from 8 12
times its size, that is, it gives a
has a stomach that is so big that it
It will give you a lot of closure that will not
Can not eat anything else for at least
two hours
It's not like it's a supplement to
society beat to starve only
that with a lot of nutrient with a
a lot of benefits we can spend
in China as well and do
among college saci heterogeneous Lucidio
huh
O I have already done several productive steps
It looks delicious all these versions to
people can not even pass the burti
spend a little bit fresh you can
to pass on the crushed chestnut people are
everything that is natural and everything that is healthy
You can increase your ice cream by
banana
but there for the cone that forms the
ice cream is coconut oil
but anyway you do not like banana is there
It's a problem so I brought a
another option for you brought me a
different option to display a new
Fruit for you capita is a lot of people
knows
she looks beautiful like an ornamental plant
read
he is super easy to find now north
fruit capita is an ice cream delight
Can you put it in the refrigerator by the table here?
in the middle with her on the spoon looks a lot
hot but we can also make a
her college sweet tooth because
that I chose pitaia because it is detailed
she also has properties to help
to lose weight
including we are 9 solo agent
often prescribe a supplement
which is the basis of this fruit to help
lose weight person
yet we will be
getting the frozen fruit, right?
You will get there to narrow down O silhouette
I'm going to make a beautiful one had more
frequent to carry the sun or the
Truth you can freeze but I'll do it.
a newsletter that is I have a daughter and even
she eats to be nice to people creating
for children who are more or less
What are you doing?
and you freeze not to take one that already
It's ready for you.
Look there we had the father you can
also make kite stars and
Cold looks that delight November and
put on your fruit salad put the
ipatinga is very tasty anyway
Worth a try
good people attention of pitaia
to help slim ice cream
bananas and there is nothing in nature
You lose all the advantage we want
we can take advantage of this box that
Beautiful, I think it looks so cute.
take away all these little people eat everything
This is a little bit wonderful here and we
You can use this here as if it were a
A little something for us to do is put some
It is healthy to eat blueberries.
coconut cherry today baby and today br
I'll put a my two hours
Delight to get help if you want
service here
or yes but the company
Actually, good people, you do not like it.
these tips this this is
whether teachers come into this
healthy world gives a video match
gives a shared why these
information is very wonderful to
Let people just let us go.
try to make the world healthier chaos
to the maximum number of people and if you
they even liked to register
youtube channel any video act
you will be warned to prepare a well
Bye, next week, see you later.